So far, we have demonstrated the outstanding performance of SIFT-OCR compared to the baseline method in the task of extracting
text from manga speech bubbles. This is the most difficult hurdle to get over in our pipeline. It required huge amount of innovation
and effort from our team. That said, the algorithm is not without its defects - it has many tunable parameters, the effects of some
are not fully understood. In addition, there are many other tasks down the pipeline, including stitching sentences together from
detected text blocks, machine translation, and hypothesizing new bounding boxes for embedding the translated text. No matter how well
an automated system performs, mistakes are inevitable - to make our system production ready, we'll also need to add UI
for humans to optionally step in at every stage of the pipeline. We'll choose some of the tasks listed above to complete in the future.

Manga is a hobby that many people around the world indulged in to relax, like watching a movie or reading a book. One major problem with the increased availability of online manga is that if a person does not understand the original language that the manga was first written in, it may take awhile for translators to interpret the language to English. This motivated us to design a system- called the SIFT-OCR manga translation system- that solves this problem using programming instead of relying on manga translators. Taking in the manga images, our algorithm will extract text blocks from speech bubbles, translate the texts using SIFT matching and other matching techniques, cover the previous Japanese texts, and finally, produce a new image with translated speech bubbles as output. The results we have seen are better than the current available baseline (Google's Tesseract OCR) and the ones we have found when researching, yet, some of the texts still cannot be recognized as words. Future ideas we have to make our approach better is to have a larger vocabulary to be able to accomodate to finding words that are 'unknown'.
