Manga is a hobby that many people around the world indulged in to relax, like watching a movie or reading a book. One major problem with the increased availability of online manga is that if a person does not understand the original language that the manga was first written in, it may take awhile for translators to interpret the language to English. This motivated us to design a system - called the SIFT-OCR manga translation system - that solves this problem using programming instead of relying on manga translators. So far, we have demonstrated the outstanding performance of SIFT-OCR compared to the baseline method in the task of extracting text from manga speech bubbles. This is the most difficult hurdle to get over in our pipeline. It required huge amount of innovation and effort from our team. That said, the algorithm is not without its defects - it has many tunable parameters, the effects of some are not fully understood. No matter how well an automated system performs, mistakes are inevitable - to make our system production ready, we'll also need to add UI for humans to optionally step in at every stage of the pipeline. 

In addition to detecting and grouping word-level text blocks, which was completed earlier, we were able to complete everything described in our original proposal and produced a working end-to-end pipelined system. The pipeline can now reconstruct original sentences back by analyzing the bounding rectangles of the text blocks, use google translate to translate from source language to target language, and finally, upon analyzing text bounding boxes for line spacing, font-size, background color, foreground color, and other related attributes, repaint the translated text over the original manga page in a stylistically consistent manner. 

